In the whole of humankind,
Be sure you’ll never find
Someone who can say,
“I’ve never stumbled in my life.”
And now this time it’s you,
But there’s something you can do:
Learn from the experience,
And take the help our loving God provides.
Get back up when you’re down.
You can turn this around.
Get back up; stand up tall.
You can learn from a fall.
Just reach out;
take his hand.
He’ll raise you up—
make you stand.
And one thing that’s for sure:
You’ll be stronger than before
If you learn from a fall.
Another dawn is breaking,
And your heart may be aching.
But you can’t go back in time.
You have to see it through.
Stop and think it over,
And take it to Jehovah.
His Word is there to guide you,
To pick you up and show you what to do.
Get back up when you’re down.
You can turn this around.
Get back up; stand up tall.
You can learn from a fall.
Just reach out;
take his hand.
He’ll raise you up—
make you stand.
And one thing that’s for sure:
You’ll be stronger than before.
Let Jehovah’s Word remind you
You can put it all behind you.
His love “is greater than our hearts,”
You may recall.
Learn from a fall.
Get back up when you’re down.
You can turn this around.
Get back up; stand up tall.
You can learn from a fall.
Just reach out;
take his hand.
He’ll raise you up—
make you stand.
And one thing that’s for sure:
You’ll be stronger than before
If you learn from a fall.
You can learn from a fall.